.\" $Id$
.\" Copyright (c) 2005  G. Allen Morris III
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.\"
.\" $XFree86: xc/programs/xcalc/xcalc.man,v 1.5 2003/03/19 01:49:28 dawes Exp $
.\"
.de EX		\"Begin example
.ne 5
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
.nf
.in +.5i
..
.de EE
.fi
.in -.5i
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
..
.TH X48 1 
.SH NAME
x48 \- scientific calculator for X and an HP 48 emulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B x48
[\-options ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I x48
is a scientific calculator desktop accessory that emulate an HP\-48 SX
or an HP\-48 GX.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fIx48\fP accepts all of the standard toolkit command line options along
with several additional options:
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-help
Show a list of options.
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-version
This  causes  x48  to  print a version number to the standard output.
.PP
.TP 8
.B \-iconic
Start iconic
.SH OPERATION
.PP
.I Pointer Usage:
Operations may be performed with pointer button 1, or in some cases,
with the keyboard.  
.SH ACCELERATORS

.SH CUSTOMIZATION
.SH WIDGET HIERARCHY
.SH APPLICATION RESOURCES
The  program  understands  all of the core X Toolkit resource names and
classes.  Application specific resources (e.g., "\fBX48\fR.\fINAME\fR") follow:
.TP 8
bob
bob
.SH COLORS
The x48 is trying to look like a particular device.
The colors are therefor not selectable.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
X(7x), xrdb(1)
.SH BUGS
.PP
Bugs can be found and reported at: http://developer.berlios.de/bugs/?group_id=3335
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 1994-2005 Eddie C. Dost
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH AUTHORS
Eddie C. Dost
.br
G. Allen Morris III <gam3@gam3.net>
